[Music]
welcome back to let's play highly fierce
my name is karsten
let's continue on actually let me just
double check
if i want to equip any more items i
think i'm good
[Music]
um
let's go ahead and have one of these
ready just in case
and we as well have another one of these
and
[Music]
and one of these just to have some extra
variety
okay let's check out this house
that's interesting it's a material from
an animal
i should ask leah for details
yeah but it's not the material from the
animals that i want
it's paper leah do you want me to draw
your portrait
okay we got something up here oh a cave
hmm
all right let's take a quick peek in the
cave it might be dark
but i know where to go we need to go
this way
we need to find oh my god
okay let's just grab some of these
easy for me
[Music]
all right now wow a gem a bunch of these
guys
[Applause]
level 15.
[Music]
um you may as well throw one of these on
there
it'll do more than a regular damage at
least
uh knockback's annoying
[Music]
this
and let's see
[Music]
clean strength
we'll do guard break probably should
have done guard break to start with
[Applause]
um we'll go ahead and do that
[Music]
all right um it's over
now i'm fired up okay so
[Music]
um
press the offensive yeah this isn't
going to do anything really
other than make sure it dies
okay not too bad
but not something i want to spend a lot
of
time fighting a lot of in the morning
all right
i don't feel like fighting a bunch of
those guys right now and i need to
see what i can do about this big silver
rock so hello
[Music]
oh hey there's something out here
i wonder if it's even true siri is known
for its tree-shaped ore
[Music]
okay well yeah i found some of these um
here have the quality 12 one
no no quality 12. there we go yes
okay that was easy enough
now south
[Music]
wait what was this quest oh i had to use
a bomb
that area over there
[Music]
um we'll just use
hmm we're using any bag
okay
things
[Music]
okay great hall clear
all right
[Music]
ooh don't think i want to fight you
let's go back up this way
[Music]
and some more wood there we go
since that's wood type things are always
useful
there it is i can't fire
but there is another village area here
this is interesting deserted village
oh i'm kind of thirsty well i don't know
if i want to fight you
[Music]
anything special we got another map
point
none of those are enterable according to
my map let's go over here
[Music]
hmm
anything down here it's morning
you're so cute today too beerus
there's a campfire
white sand shore
those are new such flowy sand
i need to make sure it doesn't blow away
in the wind it doesn't look like i can
get anywhere here
without some type of during lunchtime
boat or raft or something
down to 36 lp
i should probably spend some time doing
something about that
[Music]
now let's see let's go ahead and make
another mini bag
catalyst okay let's start material
i'll set this here
[Music]
i'll put this here this goes here
yeah this looks good
okay
oh yeah that'll be useful um
i can pick one trait let's see
the weaker the power the stronger it
gets
okay
we'll just use that one
now let's see there were a couple other
things that i wanted to try to make i
believe
i'd make one of these since i don't have
one yet
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
red is probably most useful here
i don't have a lot of things that do
that i could use a liquid catalyst
though
so blue or green would be good
i'll use one of these
[Music]
um
what's the last green one leave
consumption
[Music]
removes one ailment not sure what no
additives does
it's a component thing
[Music]
[Applause]
so rather than that
let's focus on blue
[Music]
yeah that sounds good which catalyst
should i use
[Music]
okay
[Applause]
all right let's do that no
what we want is that one there
[Music]
[Applause]
oh we're not going to be able to do it
then
let's see
[Music]
what do we want we want something that
as horizontal
across the top ideally
now i can use one of those distilled
waters i guess
yeah we'll do that okay let's start
[Music]
you know actually no we could have done
it with the other one oh well not that
big of a deal
[Applause]
[Music]
okay yeah that's good enough
pretty good
[Music]
got another level up on the autonomous
salve
still don't have suspicious liquid or
zapping water
[Music]
you might want to make some more general
catalysts or liquid catalysts
but we can hold off on that need animal
hides and multi-colored dye
[Music]
[Applause]
i thought i made one of these no i have
seven oh i can i can make them it's
another one like the spirit stone where
i can make them or find them
it takes 40 hours i'll go ahead and make
[Music]
it
let's see
if we do one of these and then that
that does get everything
[Music]
don't think any of these are useful for
[Applause]
[Music]
instead of that
oh that one's interesting
[Music]
yeah let's try this
[Applause]
yeah that looks good
night lightning huh not sure what all
those effects do
oh come on one xp from level
um could make another ingot
make some
uh let's see
let's do this let's take a look and see
if we have any recipe ideas
hmm
make more cloth
gathered plant oil
[Music]
need to make another ingot
[Applause]
[Music]
what's this knuckle guard i haven't seen
that one
it's level 9 it should be it should be
on my list somewhere then from
if it's showing up with the uh hmm
[Music]
did i just not see it oh there it is
huh
all right let's try making it
[Music]
[Applause]
hmm
not the best but
we'll give it a try here
we use a general catalyst
[Music]
i forgot what the other one was what's
the line do not trade transfer
i don't think it matters that much but
let's go ahead and throw it on there
attacks against humanoid type masters
are always critical
increases attack and defense by five
let's increase attack and defense
all right let's make another ingot
another cloth because
apparently that will help out i'm not
going to
use anything real fancy for these
got a ton of these and
here's one of these
one of these one of these
actually um we want blue and green let's
see if we can do that
one of those and one of those
another one of those
there we go
melts easily and extends well
[Music]
okay let's start material set
material set here we go
there we go so the order i place them
definitely does matter
[Music]
and another cloth
yeah i'll go ahead and use these up no
[Music]
i won't use one of them and one of these
and one of these
stretches easily
[Music]
[Applause]
i wasn't paying attention didn't get the
stretches easily oh well
not the end of the world
now why did i not get the uh those items
do i need to make even more
[Music]
let me just jump right back in and see
if i get new item ideas from that
me i don't understand the way the recipe
ideas work
which is entirely possible all right
let's go back up this way
red pony have i fought red ponies before
i don't know if i have
we can toy around with them
[Music]
let's see
i have aoes which is kind of annoying i
know he's with attack down
oh i forgot to see if who equips that
gun i would guess it's this guy but
we'll see
i'll show you my sword oh these guys are
almost dead i shouldn't have wasted it
oh well
not even
[Music]
can i equip
no i can't well next time we get to a
camping spot i will try to remember to
do that
it doesn't look like we can go any
further up there
okay let's just jump around to here
[Music]
you don't look like you'll likely drop
animal fur
are you tired yet furious let's go over
this way
[Music]
now it doesn't look like i can get to
anything here either
all right let's go ahead and jump to
there and that's a dead end
[Music]
oh well i'm here let's check the
equipment
now you don't have anything oh and you
don't have anything well that gun
crafting was a waste
though i'm sure i'll make it eventually
uh
[Music]
attack 15 to 20
actually who has the best speed you do
[Music]
[Applause]
now let's give that to you
[Music]
in fact actually yeah that's fine
[Applause]
i wonder if he uses that gun
so now i just need to get back
now it says they connect but i don't
think they do but i will go up see if i
can go up this way
now i'll go up there yeah i think i'll
just head back to the town
assuming i don't get horribly lost
so i do wonder about that abandoned
village
time to put my skills to use
i'm actually going to try going straight
north the whole middle of this
area that i haven't explored yet
[Music]
also i got to keep an eye out for
anything that might have
animal fur i know this won't but
this can be used string is useful
yes it is i just said that
[Music]
oh i think i just got one of those
another one of these things
golden tree leaf oh that's useful
let's explore inside the cave
something about this cave what a dimly
lit place
be very careful about your footing i
thought of a new item
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
wait this one's tough
[Music]
i think i'll have a flash of insight
soon
[Music]
so what is it about this cave that i got
the
that pop-up or the the quest about it
that was unexpected
oh let's defeat
the loom that guards the treasure chest
okay let's uh hope i don't die horribly
here
[Music]
this should be entertaining level 22.
that's worrying well let's start with
guard break
effect activates a second time later
that's probably good
but that reduces enemy defense so i
should probably start with defense
reducing ones
[Music]
reduces stats
increased defense is probably good
[Music]
we're gonna do thousand shot
i won't let you get away it's probably
gonna overkill on this guy
but i worry about
sudden bosses in caves and stuff like
this
alright
let's use one of these crafts on him
[Music]
let's coordinate our movements all right
press the offensive now i'm fired up
[Music]
all right it's dead
experience oh yeah it's very dead
well that that's not impressive and this
interesting okay we got some idea points
out of it
let's go ahead and head back out of the
cave though
assuming i don't get horribly lost man i
wish i had maps for caves
no i don't want to deal with you
anything special
okay no i don't want to deal with you
right now
um just going to use a
boonie bag
[Music]
all right well that seems like a good
spot to take a break
head back to uh this time and go from
there maybe continue onto the plot
[Music]
lightning bomb okay well that sounds
interesting
i hope you enjoyed thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play atlear ferris
my name is karsten i
uh as you see here i happen to check the
dlc and apparently i have the
the dlc for the two costumes
i didn't even realize that since i
thought it was just the uh
physical versions that got that but
apparently it automatically gave it to
me i mean it's actually the digital
version
but apparently it did automatically give
it to me even though the physical
version
[Music]
all right um let's take a quick look at
this
[Applause]
increase rate of finding rare materials
we're gathering and fishing
that actually might be good
[Music]
movement and synthesis cause less time
to pass
let's do this
[Music]
and then change
for uh synthesis you know the movement
takes less time with the other we should
be okay
actually
oh yeah we're 62 lp we'll be fine uh
we'll be fine
and let's see we need to go
north
this way i think yeah
it may as well use the since the rake of
outfit doesn't have any effect
oh hey we can fish
[Music]
okay all right now let's
go back around here looks like we have
to
we can only teleport to those two spots
but i want to go around there oh wait
can we move to the can we move to this
campfire
yes we can fire
i'll take this this can be used for
sewing
time and other material string is really
useful
[Music]
bring five flowers to the woods by the
water
okay
is that um
right here okay
[Music]
[Applause]
is that okay
[Music]
okay
so what does that do
and i can check after three days okay
well it'll probably be more than three
days before we come back and check
[Music]
okay so
we can teleport between these it looks
like um
it's just the quest ones that oh and we
can't teleport on dungeons but we can to
campfires and landmarks just looking
down at we have a move option on each of
these
so that's good to know unfortunately
there's no
edge of map move option
[Music]
company actually uses a lot of plants
[Applause]
found something
nighttime adventures oh yeah more
flowers from you
i'm getting a little tired but i'm still
fine and grab some of this
this is fuel it's useful for traveling
and for synthesis
it's all white everywhere i need to be
careful
i'm getting a little tired all right
did i check the other way here yes we
did okay the map around here is all
filled out
this is a nice feeling all right let's
grab this
and we'll fish over here
then we'll head into town and continue
on with the uh stuff there
perfect okay
i guess that means a rare item
[Music]
perfect i think okay
got an idea let's just check the recipe
hence real quick
uh ideas yeah
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
[Applause]
um
so i guess fishing more on that one make
more ingots
okay the other would
[Music]
defeat more animals all right
have any more animals right here no
[Music]
it's a material from an animal i should
ask leah for details
all right we'll go into town
[Music]
and we'll stop by the atlier and switch
our outfits to the
less time one
because that'll be more useful here
[Music]
ferris there's something we would like
to ask
it's nothing major but how old are you
lyanna
[Music]
me i'm 18.
she really was younger no way
see it's exactly as i said
[Music]
what's going on why are you asking for
leah's age
oh sorry to tell the truth plato was
scolding me about cleaning up earlier
and
the room was in a miserable state and it
was painful to look at
so i told her it was intolerable i also
said that despite being younger
lyanna is much more responsible than her
so i objected to that saying that lyanna
is older than me so it's only natural
for her to be more responsible
that's why i'm embarrassed to say we had
an argument over lyanna's age
so that's what happened but i don't
think i'm that responsible
the fact that you say that alone makes
you responsible
i'm going home i've lost all my
self-confidence
[Applause]
i'll be leaving as well i'm sorry for
intruding
[Applause]
teacher was pretty shocked although i
think she's pretty responsible too
[Music]
you're right i think sophie is quite
adorable myself
this is a little rude to her but if i
compare her to you leah
i think you're way more responsible
my that makes me happy as a special
treat i'll make your favorite for
tonight's dinner
i need to go buy the ingredients right
away since it's a special occasion i'll
splurge on more expensive ones
she'd be more responsible if she wasn't
like this
[Music]
all right let's change the outfit back
i like that outfit
that's a nice little effect but it
does that
no other outfit options for anyone else
right now
all right we're only at 41lp but that
should be fine since i don't think
it's not likely what we're going to do
next needs lp now let's see
[Music]
ask allergy for advice okay
so let's talk to logie
[Music]
moji there's something i wanted to
discuss with you discuss
i don't mind what is it
you want to put armor on a ship to pass
through the water spout
i'm surprised to hear something like
that was happening but your idea is just
as surprising
is it too reckless be lying if i said it
wasn't but i don't think it's impossible
if you're passing through a water spout
the ship's strength is vital covering
the hull and metal would increase it
i think it's worth a shot really all
right
see aren't you glad you asked yep you
were right about that leah
with armor on the ship we could even
pass through a water spout oh she agreed
so it must be fine
let's think of the other required parts
all right
[Music]
so let's go talk to
maya
[Music]
welcome mae is running the shop like a
normal person
hey you're saying it like i'm always
slacking off stop that
i'm sorry anyway did you get yelled out
for the other day
oh nope it was all fine my brother's
always soft on me
well i did get schooled a little bit but
it's nothing to worry about
that's good anyway there's something i
wanted to ask do you know a lot about
ships maya
ships hmm i think i know more than your
average person why
[Music]
you're building a ship that can cross
the water spout
that's easy to understand i think it's a
good idea you think of some fun things
ferris
but let's see what would you need to
cross a water spout
first thing that comes to mind is a
rudder
the rudder is the part that controls the
direction of a ship right that's right
if you carefully change direction you
can aim for spots where the water spot
is weakest and sail through
although i'm not a specialist in this so
i can't say for sure
no this is really helpful thanks mia
don't worry about it
just keep buying things at my shop yeah
i'll keep that in mind when i need
something
a rudder with good maneuverability huh i
see
i need to make good use of maya's idea
what's the other required parts
i guess uh
up
there's this
[Music]
talk to various people okay i would
deliver 10 pieces of wood to kai i think
i have 10.
i forgot it was that many though
[Music]
so we'll talk to esca
we'll talk to eska and then we will go
[Music]
deliver that wood assuming i have that
much
[Music]
it can't teleport to the quest all right
that's probably the closest
[Music]
um there she is
fierce what's up are you here to play
again yeah i can
what should we play today maybe we can
skip stones or play tag
oh i know
we sure played a lot hey ferris next we
should
what was that just now was that your
stomach growling
yeah i always get really hungry after
playing oh how embarrassing
don't worry about that you're still
growing esca here you can have this if
you want
[Music]
wow sweets is it really okay of course
it's just something that i made but you
can have as much as you want
yay i'll eat it
thanks that was really good you're very
welcome
it's so happy you have a really happy
look on your face do you love sweet
cesca
yep cakes are good and i really like
apple pies
i see in that case i'll make sweets for
next time too really
sweet that furious made i'm looking
forward to it oh it's about time to go
home
i'll see you again thanks for the sweets
lyanna
so then ferris you got guts to challenge
me
huh what did i challenge you to the
sweets that's why you told us
that you'll make sweets for her right i
don't hold back when it comes to making
sweets i'll be taking a close look at
just how skilled you are
oh it's all fired up in a weird way this
mighty not bothersome
[Music]
um can we yeah go to the institute on
the way
deliver a rock cookie the best rock
cookie i possibly can
all right well first let's go
to the institute assuming they're still
open
[Music]
this one ah just
barely didn't make it
[Music]
let's go ahead and deliver the uh
that would though i hope i have 10 to
spare
if not at least no places i can go get
it though it is a little bit of a hassle
[Music]
ah well we can go back there except i
don't want to backtrack that much right
now
but we'll get there eventually
there he is i was afraid he might not be
here at night or something but
there he is all right
uh yes okay so
we'll keep those two
and the others um
i'll keep that one as well
is this okay
whoa this is some great lumber i owe you
one no problem please do your best to
repair the ship
yeah i've come to a realization you're a
good girl ferris
i can't believe i was trying to hide the
truth from you i'm embarrassed myself
um fierce if you have any troubles ask
me anything
i i want to atone for my mistake i see
i'm sure kai knows a lot about ships
maybe i should ask him about it
then since you're offering when building
a ship what part has the most relation
to its strength
do you want to become a shipwright or
something fierce well that doesn't
matter when it comes to strength it's
tied to the ship's most fundamental part
the keel
seeing how you're interested i'll
explain how to make a keel first you
[Music]
and that's how you do it did you
understand that i see i see
so that's how you make it yeah if
there's anything else you want to know
ask me anytime
hmm if i can make a key i'll enhance
with alchemy that should increase the
strength of the ship
[Music]
all right think of the other required
parts how many other required parts do
we still need
i wish we could jump to the edge of the
map
sections but oh well
i wonder if the reduced time while
traveling with this outfit is only when
we do the
warper also when we're walking
[Music]
let's go to the institute
speaking of which we can just do that
oh i should talk to uh what's your name
the alchemist in this town also
welcome to the observation very thank
you very much
this is you
[Music]
every brow okay
i won't complain about all that money
though
we'll be awaiting your next visit
oh what did i think up a new recipe
all right mine
okay you don't have anything useful to
say right now
ren's atlear so let's talk to ren
and we still need to make how is that
dark
yes okay
that was useless
[Music]
okay let's go back to
or atlear knowing that i can work to the
campfires does help a lot
i didn't realize that before
so that's so hot hot my clothes are
sticky with sweat
i feel gross of course you do in that
outfit
most people in this town wear light
clothes for a reason
there's a good chance how about a change
of clothes could change your mood too
change your clothes you say my mom isn't
around so how can i get new clothes
don't you know shop sell clothes or you
could ask someone to make them you can
get clothes nearly anywhere
well i don't know about that you doubt
me let's go to me a shop
you'll probably see that i'm right mia
shop sure okay
we'll check me to shop a little bit
later i'll try making the new item
safe huh
what should i make okay what does the
safe need
[Music]
metal and cloth well that's easy enough
level 16 so i should get some good xp
from it let's go ahead and make that
what material should i use
[Music]
yeah i don't know what it does though
probably used in something else
[Music]
all right what was that that he had to
make
i couldn't make the traveler's ration
now that i'm level i can be level 17.
we'll come back to that though was it a
rock cookie
i think it was a rock what cookie
should i use okay
[Music]
let's see
i'm going to start out with a lower
quality
quality one
because i want to level up my rock
cookie capabilities
actually you can probably
do pretty well let's see
this is an annoying shape
[Music]
and let's see
actually thinking about that shape that
we have with it
that one might be good 57
actually let's sort by quality
and go from there since we do want to
have quality up for this
i'll do that one
something with a lot of green that one
and ideally one that goes across
see if we do that
[Music]
i don't think i have anything here
that'll that's really the shape that i
want
[Applause]
[Music]
is this okay
okay
[Music]
means i don't know if it's the effects
or the quality that's going to be
required for this
[Music]
um
i think we'll go for how much power
quality let's see any of these affect
quality other than the base one
not really
so we'll do that we won't be able to
actually get it there actually do one of
the unis
not really wait that one doesn't
[Music]
so if we do that
and that one
and this one here
and this one here we don't get the
top effect but we do get the plus
[Music]
quality
[Applause]
all right hopefully that's good enough
[Music]
uh i'm kind of tempted to make that but
work on the alchemy level a bit
[Music]
what material should i use
let me use those two
[Music]
i guess one of these one of these
food stuff huh pretty generic
that's probably red got a bunch of these
fattening no we don't want we don't want
red um
[Applause]
let's go with green
i'll eat and recover large yeah i guess
we'll go with
[Music]
i it think i have enough greens to up
that
so we'll just do without a catalyst
um yes i do
wait no not in the shape it's in
[Music]
no not with it off on the edge like that
okay we'll do that catalyst
[Music]
[Applause]
um
[Music]
except no i'll have to put that one
there and just let it get overwritten
this goes here yeah there we go
is this okay yeah that's okay
close to level
[Applause]
i wish i had some leather hope some of
that hope some leather is easier to find
in the next area
but we're back up to 100 lp i'm sure we
will synthesize more stuff later
uh we have a cookie that we will try
dropping off and we will check on maya
shop
next time uh i hope you enjoy thanks for
watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play alley or
ferris my name is karsten so let's try
delivering that cookie
and checking me a shop for clothes
find it interesting that it came it did
the thing about hey you can change
clothes just after i got the dlc to let
me change clothes
but whatever
[Music]
let's go there first and check that
cookie
[Music]
let's see
we use that one since it is slightly
better quality
[Applause]
actually i don't know if it matters i
mean the quest description kind of
implied it did but
[Music]
wow so these are fierces sweets
let's see what she's got all right time
to try it
it's good i could keep eating this
forever
really that's good um so how is it
compared to leah sweets
what's this you're actually curious
about it too ferris i worked hard to
make them
of course i'm kind of curious i
understand that feeling anyway let's
have those kids aside
um they're about the same
about the same
you managed to reach the same level as
my sweets you're pretty good ferris
huh oh sure your sweets are really good
after all
hearing that mine are as good as yours
makes a little really happy
oh you're so cute ferris i love it when
you're like this
oh stop it leah you're embarrassing me
anyway ask if you want to eat these
sweets again just tell me i'll make them
for you anytime
okay thank you ferris
let's go to the plaza and see if husk is
there oh how amazing this goes right
there
[Music]
okay i guess we have to wait and not do
it again right away
but let's go to me a shop
hello mia do you have any light clothes
that would look good on furious
those that would look good on fearless
yeah plenty wait a little bit
wait you really have them of course
don't underestimate the selection of
goods in my shop
[Music]
i think this would look best on you
could you go change into this ferris
[Music]
that's so adorable the little bear
midriff is super cute
yup it suits you really well my choice
is right as always
thank you man these clothes are cute and
really cool
yeah see didn't i tell you you can get
clothes anywhere
yeah sorry i doubt it elia that's okay
as long as you understand
now that that outfit is my present to
you i'll pay for it
huh is that really okay it's fine money
is no object when it comes to you ferris
thanks for your business thanks leah
now i can say goodbye to the sweaty life
first contained various costumes during
your journey i hadn't noticed
you can change versus costume by
selecting change costume at the desk in
the alley here
engine costumes not only changes your
appearance but they also bestow various
effects
all of these effects are useful for
exploration when you obtain a new
costume you should try it out
for detailed explanation etc etc all
right so i'll have to check what this
one does
is zealous explorer
okay
[Music]
so can we go back to
is there anything no that's just the
institute uh
back this way
[Music]
has enough time passed to do anything
new or do we have to wait another day
guess we have to wait another day
or something let's check our
requests no not here quest book
[Music]
[Applause]
think of other parts think of other
parts
think of other parts talk to various
[Music]
people
okay
see if there's anything in here
youtube have you decided to hire me let
me think
uh that would be all my money so not
right now thanks uh too bad i think it's
a pretty good deal but
well no worries if you change your mind
just let me know
yeah i'll get him later when 5000 is not
all my money
[Music]
hmm what's the matter for us staring at
me like that
don't tell me you've fallen in love with
me no i'm i was wondering
why are you dressed as a man lewis oh
yes for that i have three reasons
first it's easier to move even when i
play my instrument my clothing doesn't
get in the way
second for impact by having people think
i'm a man than turning out to be a woman
i can take people by surprise and third
if i dressed as a woman people would
hurt themselves falling over when they
catch a glimpse of my beauty
oh i see it's true you're so pretty
lewis
wait huh that's such a sincere reply i
was obviously just kidding
gosh you're such a good girl what those
are you okay
so is there anything you want what is it
which one go on tell me
hey you're too close too close
i resupplied the merchandise oh yeah
let's use just a shot
and that gets me that other neutralizer
but i don't need that i don't think i'm
going to need that i'm sure i will get
it eventually
i hesitant to pay a thousand coal for
one recipe
that i'm probably going to get anyway
and don't need right now
now if that recipe was to make the
animal hide that i need for leather
well that would be useful but i don't
think there's going to be a recipe for
that
don't see anyone important looking here
unless you are now
hmm welcome to blues times number one in
we have a special room open today
we'll go ahead and do this see if
there's a scene actually is there ever a
scene on the normal one i forget
i see
here we go
so yeah it says we have to go to the
suite
to to have scenes it looks like so i
guess we won't be doing that
so let's go back to the outlier
okay was there a thing in the middle of
the bridge here
oh it was the uh that box
[Music]
see what effect this outfit has anyway
reduces lp consumption rate in
wilderness increases airdrop effect time
i think the less time to pass one is
still more useful for the moment
should i make
[Music]
let's see
i wonder if i can get
get the other effect there
[Music]
is this okay let's see if we do
one of these
oh it doesn't quite get it very close
very very close i wonder
the order have an effect
[Music]
yes it does see distant places that
sounds useful so let's make this
just okay
at 1 xp level let's equip that before we
forget though
[Music]
i'm assuming that see this in places
still
lets us lose light
[Applause]
light things up removes the mini map
restriction
okay it won't let me it won't let me
have both of them so i'm going to assume
that this still lights things up
it doesn't look like there's any extra
effects on the pickaxe
[Music]
or the fishing pole unless it's purple
and that may not that probably isn't
going to
have an effect on the main function of
it maybe for something else
[Music]
okay
the next thing to do is talk to esca
it might be take time by the time we get
there but it won't hurt to
make something else let's try making a
lightning bomb
[Music]
these aren't very high quality um
do you have any green or yellow
we have some yellow
[Music]
i'll do the general catalyst
all
[Music]
trying to think if we can no i don't
think we're going to be able to get all
those
we're not going to be able to get both
of those
not with the shape of these
[Music]
in fact let's just do this
okay but we'll put this one in the last
since that seemed to make a difference
lightning damage medium a little numbing
intent shot shock and symmetrical
[Music]
okay
all right now let's go talk to esca
again
so she seems to be the only one that
[Music]
is progressing the plot right now
what are you talking about i read about
it in a book
when people are nice to you you need to
repay them you've been playing with me
and making sleeves for me
ah seeing how she's offering why not
accept
for example you could talk to her about
certain troubles
troubles huh i guess that would be the
ship
maybe i'll ask her um okay then
would you mind discussing something with
me
of course what is it
a ship to cross the water spout
oh i thought of something what about
zooming across
zooming across do you mean going at high
speed
yeah it's true we'd be through the water
spout faster that way
that might not be a bad idea right
in that case it would depend on
the sale how was my idea
was it enough to repay you it was
perfect
it really helped thank you oscar
that's good if you have any other
troubles tell me
i'm willing to repay you two anytime see
you later
[Music]
that was cute and also a very helpful
repayment
i need a sale to increase the speed of
the ship it needs to be one that catches
the wind really well
a strong keel and a maneuverable rudder
a sail that catches lots of wind and
armor for the ship
all right this should be all the parts i
need for a ship that can cross the
waterspout
yeah all you need to do now is build a
ship by the way have you thought about
how to build it
i still don't know is it really
impossible to make without
alchemy um the parts would be fine but
something big like a ship would be tough
i see that's too bad i kind of wanted to
see a ship pop out of the cauldron
yeah you realize alchemy isn't a magic
trick right
how can i build something like a ship
let's see if alchemy is no good then i
guess you have no choice but to do it
the normal
way normal way it's been assembling the
ship
that sounds even tougher than making it
with alchemy oh
you don't need to build it yourself you
know and you just said that the parts
would be fine
i see i can make the parts without me
then ask other people to help me
assemble it
exactly this is a problem for the entire
town after all i'm sure everyone would
lend you their strength
yeah then should i ask if it's about
ships maybe kai
sounds good to me he's probably the most
qualified on the matter
alright kai should be down by the harbor
i'll go talk to him about assembling the
ship
why don't i talk to sophie about making
a ship that can shrink down into pocket
size like the atlear does
i guess that would make sense and be too
[Music]
useful
so we have the long trek back to where
he is
she wasn't hanging out way the heck on
the other end of the world
well not the other end of the world but
the far end of town where there's like
nothing else there
okay we can jump to the oh well hello
yo ferris what's up do you need
something from red
no i actually wanted to talk to you kai
me then does that mean you're here to
ask about the ships again
it's about ships but kind of different
[Music]
you shouldn't be so roundabout besides
this is kai
there's no sense putting on airs for him
is that supposed to be some sort of
insult i don't know is it
[Music]
um okay then
i never thought you'd come up with
something like that i had heard it from
maya so i already knew
what damn it maya why didn't you tell
your brother first
that goes for you too first why didn't
you tell me sooner don't be so distant
[Music]
i'm sure it was hard to talk to you
you're the one who's trying to hide the
phenomenon in the lake after all
uh that's right but so
what will you do kai will you help
ferris assemble her ship
[Music]
what that should be obvious beerus ended
up going through all this trouble
because i was too faint-hearted to talk
about our problem
helping to assemble that ship is the
least i can do it would be a shame of my
job as a sailor if i didn't
[Music]
so that means yeah by the name of the
flu time sailors guild
every sailor in town will lend a hand
yay thank you so much guys
yeah anytime although after hearing
about the ship you have in mind
i have just one concern a concern
that's right it's getting chilly here so
we should go elsewhere
please come to my atlier okay
then i'll head there first i'll be
waiting ferris
[Music]
what's wrong it's just a concern i'm
sure you'll manage don't worry
i'll start preparations while you're
gone i'm sure your ship will cross with
a water spout
so let's make a great ship together
yeah i'll head over to renzo now
all right there's a chest over here
i thought we already got this do they
replenish
[Music]
that one might
now looking at the time we should be
able to handle the uh
whatever cutscene awaits us here
but probably not make all the parts yet
don't tell me to come there because it's
getting dark and then close just because
it's dark
okay
[Music]
all right shouldn't take too long
what else can i make
make another ingot
take a bunch of these
use one of these
[Music]
and one of
i'm not these too concerned about
anything having to do with it really i'm
not even gonna worry too much about
getting the quality i'm just crafting it
to craft it
yeah oh well not a big deal
[Applause]
all right we got skill up oh
increased quality and all sorts of other
stuff now it's getting very close to
morning
so by the time we get over to for atlear
it should be daytime or close enough to
it
[Music]
i thought oh no it's midnight i keep
misreading the uh
the time thing
well i hope we're wasting another day
here to mess things up probably not
should be fine we want something that's
very quick to make
what to make
[Music]
something for these i don't have enough
of these
[Applause]
no not value we want
the components yeah my components
[Music]
let's do that one
[Applause]
[Music]
and that one
i'm not going to make it large size
because that can be inconvenient
[Music]
so you got all those things but didn't
do they not actually show up on anything
i mean if i look in my uh container
and look at these
[Music]
okay that shows up on the component
section all right
okay now it should be almost
morning by the time we get over there
[Music]
[Applause]
you've arrived i'm sorry for asking you
to come all the way here anyway straight
to the point
i'll explain my worries concerning your
ship considering the parts you've come
up with for the ship
i think your focus on these points isn't
bad however you haven't taken weight
into account at all
if you build the ship that's designed
you likely won't have enough propulsion
due to the weight of the ship
um does that mean the ship might not
even move
exactly however there are measures you
can take if you install a furnace in the
ship and a mechanism to supply
propulsion
you could cross the water spout i could
do something about the mechanism but the
furnace is
i see in that case i need to think of
how to make a furnace right
that's right but it's easier said than
done to gain enough propulsion to move
an object as large as a ship
the furnace must be strong and have
intense heat must also be highly stable
if it exploded the ship would be gone
without a trace
that's true but why exactly is that not
an easy thing to do
i'll be frank such a furnace can't be
made using normal alchemy
heat strength stability creating a
furnace with all of these above standard
levels requires a suitable cauldron
a cauldron there are differences in
cauldrons
of course not only that but you require
a cauldron with far superior performance
to ordinary ones
such a culture might not exist in this
entire region let alone this town
no way i'm sorry i know you worked hard
to think about this
and i've thrown cold water on the whole
idea no i understand as it is now it
wouldn't really be possible to cross the
waterspout
yes however you're just one step away it
may be a long step but try to think of a
way to shorten
it i didn't think it would end up like
this
i should go back to the atlea and think
it over again
[Music]
you should probably talk to sophie about
that
but that will have to be later unless it
auto triggers
[Music]
because we've been recording for a
little over half an hour now
good place to stop
i thought the ship idea was going well
yeah you need something to work in place
of the furnace right
i thought about it but i can't come up
with anything i also thought of ways of
making the furnace but as
men said it seems impossible with a
normal alchemy cauldron but looking for
an amazing one isn't viable either
this is troublesome seems like we're a
dead end again
oh what should we do if only there was
someone i could talk to at times like
this
ferris i'll come over for a visit
there was what huh what's going on
[Music]
miss sophie there's something i want to
talk about there is
i see a cauldron oh i know how about
making one
you say that like it's easy i need a
rare and powerful cauldron you know
how can i make something like that
here's the recipe i'm pretty sure you
can make
it like this you're joking wait you
really have a recipe
that's amazing i'm still your teacher
you know
thank you so much teacher i'll go visit
ren right away yep oh i'll go in a bit
too
it wouldn't be good if there was a
problem with the recipe i'll see you
later
excuse us
[Music]
[Applause]
as i expected from sophie she came up
with a recipe so easily
yeah but you should be fine with this
let's go and show it to ren
but not right away for right now we'll
take a break hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play all your
fears my name is kirsten
let's see if i remember right the next
thing we need to do
was oh yeah take the recipe to
is her name